!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?

     A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the
  browser and the developer.
  Examples of non-semantic elements: <div> and <span> - Tells
  nothing about its content.
  Examples of semantic elements: <form>, <table>, and <article>
  - Clearly defines its content.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to create electronic documents (called "pages")
  that are displayed on the World Wide Web.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    HTML attributes are special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behaviour. HTML attributes are a modifier of an HTML element type.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Indacates a heading and is used once best practice is once 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor and Image 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Meta Data

    7. What is an id? 
    Its a single use selector thats a unique identifier 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    All of them


    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
   Can only use it once . Should make each ID unique
    10. What is a class? 
    Can use it for group of selectorsa 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All elements 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Any number of times 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target under score link
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Its for peolpe with disabilities . 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Sections are semantic and divs are not 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To style an html page 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{
        color: blue;
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class is used on multiple items and ids are only used for one 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
you can ahve a container and inside of that container you can have mulyiple elements in and can target those selectors in css
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    a .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseudo selctor defibes
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: black 1px dotted;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
     *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm -r file name . Its a pemanent deletion 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Becasue you can clone a version without changing original file
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork repo
    clone
    branch 
    commit
    push 
    pull

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Blco element uses 100% of the width, inline only take sup ammount of space it needs
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    its stays in the spot you set it  to 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    max-width
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    header footer div. Span br. button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    depending on the width your gonna use you can use margin padding border and margin . 

codepen https://codepen.io/r05k0/pen/zYKqOrJ?editors=1100

   --> 